Hello all truth warriors. Today's guest is an academic biologist of 23 years having a
doctorate in neurobiology. He's a driving force behind the giga-home biological.com
website and he has suffered the backlash in the rigid belief systems of the scientific
establishment. He's a big fan of United non-compliance which is good and he also worked as the science
advisor for Robert F. Kennedy and the children's health defence. I'm sure today our conversation
could be heading in many different directions but firstly I'd like to welcome Dr. Jay Cooey
to the Atlantic Underground Podcast. Hey thanks very much for having me Chris it's
my pleasure to be here. No it's great it's great to see and thanks for coming on. Jay
Well what has driven you to speak out and put yourself in the line of fire because that's
a big thing for somebody to do? I'll try to tell the long story very short as as many
people in the start of this in 2020 we are our our spidey senses peaked but at first
I actually got sucked very quickly and deeply into the conspiracy idea that the US government
was covering up a lab leak in China or that China was covering up a lab leak in China
and I spent a lot of time and energy trying to learn the biology underlying coronavirus
trying to understand what they were talking about with regard to gain a function trying
to understand the potential for for what the worst case scenario might be and it became
very quickly obvious to me that number one yeah they they seem to have been at least
there are papers out there that say they messed with with coronavirus in the laboratory and
in China and in America and it also seemed that these people were covering it up they
were they were denying that was even possible there were there was this guy Osterholm who
went on drill Rogan's podcast to say that it was impossible that it was a jean jockey
that did it and there were several other people on Twitter that that were really confident
that there's just no way it's obvious that this is just another one of those unfortunate
situations where mother nature kicks us in the ass and it it struck me as very strange
that so many people were convinced about a few things and that's really what started
to clue me in so they were more focused on attributes of the virus than they were about
attributes of our immunity to it they were more focused on the potential of particular
parts of the virus than they were to let's say general strategies to avoid getting sick
in the winter so no one started talking about vitamin D vitamin C exercise eating well chicken
soup all of these general you know if you're not taking care of yourself maybe now's the
time to do it this was nowhere on anyone's radar and instead so many people just happened
to know that a fear and cleavage site could be a very interesting indication of a lab leak
and that this spike protein was especially something to pay attention to and that struck
me is really odd because I was a biologist with really experienced since childhood I don't
we haven't talked very much offline before this but I basically started I was born a biologist
I was one of these kids who was handling animals and and afraid of bugs but chasing them and
trying to catch them and I kept snakes as a kid and had rabbits and anything that that
my parents would allow me to get my hands on that was alive I was interested in it for a
long time I was going to be a veterinarian and then a marine biologist and so I was at
the start of the pandemic really excited about the fact that I was actually going to
get to go back to immunology and and what I thought I knew and then explore this new
idea of RNA virology what is what are these coronaviruses I thought they were just common
colds and so it was a really fun thing to read into and after reading into the literature
it seemed pretty obvious to me that nobody was really nobody knew what they were talking
about everybody was sure that it was a lab leak everybody was sure that we were going to be
having to shut down for a very long time and yet the last time this happened in 2002 there
wasn't really any shutting down and only 800 people and and you know there were there were
certain numbers and metrics that didn't really make sense from the perspective of how certain
everybody was in March that this was a very you know this was a situation that required X, Y, and Z
and we're all going to do it and for some reason everybody around the world agrees that we're
going to do it and so as I tell this story I'm reminded of how many times my wife reminded me
and I really feel like it was her that was always trying to remind me that I was a biologist I
should just focus on the biology and I have been doing that ever since as best I can and yet
some reason or another the story keeps coming back to whether or not the biology is even true so
there was this aspect of learning the biology and then there's this aspect of learning that
wait a minute a lot of what they claim isn't supported in the literature and after years of work
it really feels as though there has been a concerted effort to create the illusion of pandemic
potential so that governments and and and and non-governmental organizations can leverage this
mythology I guess to go supernatural I mean super national excuse me in a way of of of bypassing
national governments by creating global crises I think it's Nick Hudson who can be credited with
succinctly saying this best and that whenever they tell you it's a global problem that requires
global solutions you should be sure to realize that that's absolute BS yeah and I think the more we
start to understand that any global problem requiring global solutions is likely something that
have mythology they are trying to govern us by you can kind of see a lot of these things fit into
that but with regard to the original question at that time I was a faculty member at the University
of Pittsburgh and I had a YouTube channel where I was teaching neurobiology on my bike and I
started to do this gene virology on my bike and then asking faculty members to watch these bike
rides so that they could see that the lab leak story wasn't that crazy and that actually we
have been working on coronaviruses we understand a lot about them and there's no reason to be afraid
of them because we have T cell immunity to them we don't even need antibodies and I was explaining
this stuff to faculty members and having faculty members like walk away from me not want to talk
to call me an idiot tell me to read the New York Times and so at some point they asked me not to
come in anymore because I was endangering the faculty and making other people feel uncomfortable
and so unfortunately for the University of Pittsburgh it seems like two months after they
renewed my year-long contract they decided to not tell me not to come in so I had eight months
and I decided I'm just going to keep teaching this stuff and keep learning this stuff and
see if I can I can get somewhere with it yeah and I have proof that I'm not only that
proof that you were right and they were wrong yeah well in the end I'm not even really sure
if I did that what I actually have convinced myself at this stage is that that the gain of
function is real but only in the sense of of the fact that they can make DNA and RNA I think the
the really the really great revelation that I've come to over these past three years was after
I was asked to help Robert F Kennedy Jr. write his book and at some point during this fact checking
assistance exercise he asked me to define for him what infectious clones were and in
in dissecting what infectious clones were I kind of distilled RNA virology down to a
a non-pandemic potential and so if I explain it as simply as I can RNA viruses like coronaviruses
are very difficult to sustain in a laboratory in fact they're unsustainable in a laboratory
it's not something you can't collect a coronavirus from your backyard and put it in a petri dish and
then just keep it growing like you could a mouse colony or an ant farm or a rabbit hutch and get
rabbits and rabbits and rabbits that's not the way viruses work and in fact the way that we study
RNA viruses is that we we use PCR and sequencing techniques to find RNA sequences in the wild
and then we take those RNA sequences and we convert them to a DNA form and DNA we have a lot of
very easy ways using bacteria on a bench to make lots of copies of DNA and so we can take that
DNA and make lots of it and then we can get rid of the bacteria take the DNA and expose it to
an RNA polymerase which is an enzyme that converts DNA to RNA and now we can have a big bottle of
RNA that is essentially RNA virology in a bottle in a pure form that we could never collect and grow
from the wild and so this is the place that RNA virology starts from and so when they say
that they have identified pandemic potential the only way that they can study in a lab is to start
with this bottle of pure RNA and then they'll put this RNA onto a cell culture the cell culture
will package that RNA and exosomes and then they can take that material that they call viruses
and they can put that into an animal and it will get sick and it will develop respiratory disease
and and all the things of a virus infection will occur they can take those same particles and put
them in a petri dish and those cells will replicate the virus they will also die from the presence
of the RNA and the immune response that results so there's a or the cellular response that results
there's a lot of things that can be recapitulated experimentally if you take a pure quantity of RNA
and expose it, transfect it into a cell culture and that proxy for virology is used as a way of
saying that what they find in the bat or what they find in a raccoon dog is pandemic potential and
the reason why again succinctly they say it's pandemic potential because if they take that RNA
sequence and they make DNA out of it and then they make enough of it pure and then they put it back
in an animal the animal gets sick and in fact other animals that are in cages next to it might even
get sick and so they say that's pandemic potential but what they haven't told the public is that if
you don't make this pure quantity of RNA to start the laboratory experiments don't work yeah they
can't recapitulate the disease in golden hamsters by getting viruses in the lab or in the in the
nature and bringing them into a colony of golden hamsters it won't work yeah maybe a few hamsters
will get sick but it's not going to be a sustained or sustainable or repeatable model of disease
the repeatable model of disease comes when they make a DNA copy of it and then they could share
that with their friends and make the RNA over and over and over again and so the inside yeah it's
gonna say the insight that this provides with regard to the molecular biology of the pandemic
is that if you realize that RNA itself could never be in this many places in this pure of a quantity
then you understand the only way no matter if it's a few people or thousands of people
that they could share the same RNA sequence at the exact same time in Wuhan and in Washington
and in in Bergamo is if they all got it from the same source yeah and they want you to believe
that's a bat cave or a laboratory but that's that's highly unlikely that's it's a man-made source
and the the story would have been believable if those three outbreaks would have been the end of it
because that's probably as far as an RNA would go but the idea that this RNA is still going
and it's now in different species and in white-tailed deer and everybody's had it at least twice
suggests that a small quantity of RNA has now become an almost infinitesimal amount of RNA and
that is a biological phenomenon that has heretofore no basis in reality but as I've just explained
if you realize that RNA virology is essentially taking sequences and amplifying them artificially
so that you can then transfect things with them and see what happens then you understand that the
only way this could have happened is we would you've used that technology to create enough of this
RNA so that the signal was around the world now the other possibility of course Chris that I think
a lot of people have a hard time considering because it blows everything out of the water
is the idea that the signal was always there and we were just never testing for it people have
always died of of RNA infection or or inflammation due to RNA and be it coronavirus or norovirus or
RSV or whatever other virus you want to cite a lot of them use RNA and so if we just say
contamination by RNA and our lungs leads to respiratory disease a lot and we've always known
this and now we've taken some some proprietary technologies and we're claiming that we can identify
a special portion of it and we're selling this as a new thing and it's very very possible simply
because before 2020 we have no data and after 2020 now we supposedly have 15 million sequences
of this novel virus well the the analogy I have been using for a long time is automobiles and the
reason why I use automobiles is because no one would ever believe that a new automobile was
spreading uncontrollably around the world and all you had to do was go look in your garage because
everybody knows they're already there everybody knows they have have automobiles in their garage
and so if you said there was a special Toyota that's spreading out of control all you got to do is
go get in your garage and check and see if you've got that symbol you would still not believe it
because you already knew they were there yeah and so the whole point with viruses is that nobody's
thinking about them but they were always there and so if somebody tells you to go down in your
garage and while there's a new coronavirus there and you believe them it's as crazy as them saying
go down in your garage if you've got a Toyota you might be in trouble because that's why I'm a
Corona I like that analogy that's really good that's why I was a Corona but I mean is this
why the the uh the testing and the coach postulates was not dumb because it said it just wouldn't
whack on this at all well they've already I think that's one of the things I think Denny
Rancor has made this point and other people like Mark Bailey have made this point um I think Mark
Bailey is one of these few people on the no virus group that is very sort of grounded in focus and
on this one thing and so in that sense he's done a very good job of keeping people focused on the
fact that they've essentially gone and end around with viruses they've they've said already that
the nature of RNA virology and its interactability means that we have to use proxies like
the presence of amplicons or sequences to indicate infection we have to use proxies like
like uh cytotoxicity or cell cytopathic effects in cell culture has a proxy because we don't have
the technology to get any further than that and of course one of the things that that even if
we go back to AIDS already people were already arguing about whether or not concrete proof have
been provided that all of these you know stories in the cartoon have been have been substantiated
by real experimental evidence and we're still at the stage where a lot of the cartoon biology
surrounding HIV has not been substantiated really and we've just gone on with things and so
um I think that that part of this is that there's a whole field not a whole field a whole
institution of academic biologists that number one have been trained for years to stay in their
lane and you're an expert in this very narrow thing and so when somebody's talking about
this very narrow thing you should raise your hand and otherwise you should first say
I really like your work and I'm so respectful of what you do but I have a question about something
so you don't actually insult anybody's intelligence and so there's a part of these people who
who accept virology just because it's not their field and they don't want to read into it because
they're afraid to make a mistake or because they've got too much to do but I because I had time
because I had the broad background because I've always been this way I thought well I've got I
got time now might as well download these papers while I can and the more I read and the more I
read the more I realize that a lot of these proxies have been used to build up a whole narrative of
something that the proxies don't really support anymore and what gets what gets more and more
criminal Chris is that in the 40s and the 50s and the 60s and maybe even the 70s you could have
made the excuse that biological methodo methodologies were progressing in such a linear way that there
was no real way to go back and challenge the press the pretenses of virology really yet but we are
at the stage now where we have the genetic technologies and the the fine fine tweezers to
manipulate genes and and manipulate RNA and DNA and purify it and sequence it without having to do
amplification steps that every single portion of the cartoon of a viral viral infection could be
could be verified because their model makes very specific predictions about what you should
measure with these fancy new tools and these fancy new tools have already been verified on
lots of other experimental paradigms so all we got to do is take those tools and point them in a
different direction and let's look at some of the basic premises of virology and see if their
predictions are validated and and they're not doing it they haven't done it for 15 years already they
have had the opportunity to point some of these fine tools at the fine questions of virology and
they haven't done it and I think this is a huge vulnerability that is there has been sort of
they've they've also taken care of that in their plan for the pandemic in that they they have
they have seeded ridiculous versions of that narrative so that people stumble out of the
skepticism of the in of the healthy skepticism of it and I think that's what we were talking
about before we got on if you if you question too much then you start to stumble into
how can we say it you're not being productive anymore and you're no longer fighting and you're
actually out somewhere thinking about questions that don't move the ball forward and so if
if this is a flat earth we're gonna find out and it's gonna be fine but we better focus on more
important things right now and I think there are many of these kinds of things now that are
floating out there that are fireworks and distractions that are made specifically to make us lose focus
and not and not and not and not save ourselves not extricate ourselves from this building prison
yeah and like when we spoke we were before we came online we were talking about Lyme disease
and I said to you you know I'm aware of the origins being Plum Island there's a test facility and you
said well I think that's probably a red herring and it got me thinking then is the Wuhan lab
again a red herring are they focusing people on a lab in China for the release of this
pandemic that went on when really it wasn't there they deliberately pointless and you know the
sleight of hand like a magician would do and making us look somewhere where we shouldn't look
while the real thing was going on because Chris you've said it perfectly because actually it's
worse than that because remember magicians often have people in the audience that they pretend
they're drawing out as volunteers and so during the pandemic I believe very wholeheartedly that not
only not only is this a thing that is designed to make us it they have the way that I says
describe it on my stream I apologize for stuttering is that they tricked us into feeling likely we
were the cast of Scooby-Doo and that was a it's a cartoon in America where teenagers solve a mystery
by unmasking some monster and the monsters always end up to be the mayor or some guy at a store or
whatever that was stealing money from the town and my point is is that I think part of the pandemic
that is most diabolical that's hardest for people to see is that they planned to get us to debate
that's exactly why I feel like I am I am such a great messenger for this particular aspect of it
because I fell for it hook line and sinker I sacrificed my faculty position to fight for the
idea that a lab leak was possible and in doing so I accepted the existence of a virus I accepted
the existence of the pandemic I accepted the fact that something was happening and so
I was totally bamboozled into not even asking the question are they lying yeah are they telling
us a story have they fooled all the doctors into accepting protocols that they would never otherwise
use have they fooled us into accepting a lockdown that we would never otherwise accept it I didn't
get to that question until almost the end of 2020 and that's how extraordinarily enticing
the theater was to go oh my gosh they're covering up look Rand Paul and Tony Fauci almost lost it
on camera that was crazy and I was totally in I was I totally bought into it and that meant
that I never once questioned the pandemic itself yeah but it's funny and that was the
magnificent of it because then they went into the audience and they asked people to come out of
the audience and those people agreed to yeah and so it was just mind bowing it was an illusion of
consensus that we're now have to break but that's who we do moment it would be like watching an
episode on HIV and when they come to the end of it and they pull the mask off who it was it would
have been Fauci then to do exactly the same thing with the you know the coronavirus
and again the scuba episode and they pull the mask off and it's the same person again there's
Anthony Fauci again it's the same person that the magician pulls out the audience once more
and at this point shouldn't the crowd be suspicious that hang on a sec that guy was in
the other episode or that guy was in the other magic show and you're using the same person again
to push this forward I mean that's questionable itself up to the point that you know again the
connection that you have with Robert F Kennedy he produced a book that actually exposed Fauci
for who he is and what he's done you know is this guy just a bad actor or is he just there for the
money because he doesn't seem to really have any kind of specialist knowledge that brings
everything further forward other than propaganda his father I think is probably more significant
than anyone wants to admit I also think that that we have to come to grips with the idea that
there are a group of people who in their mind are governing us and when people become part of
that group then they can behave like a part of that group and they do and so I think Tony Fauci
a long time ago was I don't know what you'd call it brought in hired by accepted by this group of
people that governs us and I'm not talking about the government I'm talking about
weaponized piles of money yes absolutely and so the reason why he is being used is because
he has to be used he's one of the only people that they have and all of the people that he's
groomed underneath him like like burks and and all these other people that that all I mean
Wolinski almost everybody has AIDS on their on their resume and so they've all gone through
the same tutelage of of what virology is and how it is used to govern us and I think as you get
read in you start to understand that as part of national security these these kinds of stories
and I think there are lots of people who know I honestly do I believe that that's the only way
this works the that's the that's the flip side of the oh come on it can't possibly be a conspiracy
because somebody would blow the whistle well nobody would blow the whistle if they thought they
were part of an elite group nobody would blow the whistle if they were part of an elite club
and and if they know they're part of an elite club that they all agree to say doesn't exist
then I'm sorry no one will break that no one is going to rattle on that everybody
that's not a member is currently auditioning and that's what I see with a lot of these doctors
and a lot of these posers on the internet now they are all auditioning to be a part of this
governing structure and auditioning to be sort of on that team and it's it's sad but you know even
the billionaires like Bill Gates and and that are still kind of auditioning to be
in a part of the next level that we don't see and so once you start to to imagine it as a
hierarchy that these people are climbing then number one you know why there are no whistleblowers
and number two you understand why even the people that aren't yet in the hierarchy are
being behaving so ridiculous yeah oh yeah absolutely one of the things I wanted to bring up as well
Kerry Mullins the the scientist that was behind the PCR test he came out and said you know this
test is only good for so many cycles now we were cycling anything up to 35 cycles to test for
the coronavirus within people and the one thing that amazed me is that you know the inventor of
this turned round and said it doesn't work except it was the primary thing to give positive results
on people what's your opinion on the PCR test in regards to its ability to test the things and
obviously the way that it was used during the pandemic on everybody to create this wave of
positive results I'm going to take this chance to switch over because I really want to
it's been a while for me and I really I haven't said this yet I'm going to say it to you first
because I think it's really important let me see if I can do this right I really feel though
there's one really there's several important issues with the with the PCR that quite frankly
not anybody has really talked about yet and it kills me so PCR is really simple right PCR is
something where you have a target sequence and you're going to make primers that are specific
for the target sequence and they're they're specific in this way because the sequence is
double-stranded right and so you make a you make a primer for this end and a primer for that end
and when you do PCR this thing should come apart the primer should bind and then you fill in this
gap and now you have two of what you used to have one up right that's the whole idea so PCR is
really cool but we have all kinds of ways of increasing the the specificity of PCR and when we
look back on the pandemic you're going to find that none of these people were trying to be specific
and if they were they were only trying to be specific in in certain places to create a narrative so
what am I talking about here well here's your original DNA right that's the DNA you're trying
to find this double strand and so that DNA could be a let's say three or four hundred
base pair fragment of the coronavirus genome remember that the coronavirus genome
has 30,000 base pairs long so a 300 base pair fragments a pretty small fraction of that thing
now also keep in mind that in this 30,000 bases there are around 31 proteins although if you talk to
RNA virologists they will tell you that those proteins get translated and folded differently and
cut differently and so they could have other sub variants of those proteins so it could be
31 major proteins with some variants of those proteins depending on how they're translated or
cut or post translationally processed so those 31 proteins they're going to look for the virus
by looking for a 300 base pair segment of one of the most conserved of all the coronavirus
genes and that would be the open reading frame 1a so open reading frame you often see ORF it's
open reading frame 1a this is the part of the coronavirus genome that contains the RNA dependent
RNA polymerase RDRP and the RDRP is the enzyme that copies the virus and why is this such a
conserved enzyme well because as you can imagine it's the enzyme that copies the genome so you
can't get it wrong there's not a lot of different you know if you have a vice grips is very good
the way it is you don't want to change very much about it or it won't work anymore and
a protein that is an enzyme tends to over evolutionary time become quite optimized
so that any any errors in it tend to be detrimental or even loss of function so
what we have done in the PCR test is we've chosen the RDRP to look for that means that we've chosen
a gene that's basically homologous across all the known coronaviruses in the world now they
make the argument that oh we chose primers that are really specific for the RDRP of this virus but
that argument in and of itself is false because before 2020 the only way they found coronaviruses
in bats was to look for this fragment if they found that fragment then they would use all kinds
of other things like metagenomic sequencing or or just random shotgun uh shotgun RNA
amplification using using random primers to try and find the rest of the genome
and so they already knew this was a nonspecific signal yet every the coronavirus
PCR test in the United States as far as I know use this as the indicator if not the only indicator
yeah they also look for the spike protein but again remember that the spike protein of a
coronavirus if I just draw it as a cartoon um this is not a real picture that I'm trying to draw here
and the real coronavirus spike protein is a highly varied protein but there are certain motifs
inside of this thing including a hydrophobic motif that is responsible for the binding part
and supposedly pulls the membranes together that's the same across hundreds of homologous
proteins across actually different species we even have a protein called synchatin that has a
lot of homology with these fusion proteins because it does a similar function so the idea that
the immune response to this protein will focus on some random part of the new virus as opposed to
the conserved region that's shared across lots of different RNA and and other other biological
motifs was ridiculous yet this is again target that for PCR that will overlap with lots of targets
if you target some special region that's only in the Wuhan virus well then you'll have a lot of
a lot more specificity so the first point this is only the first point about PCR that I'm trying
to make is that by the choice of primer target they can choose specificity and with a background
that we know is rich in RNA that's a very very big assumption to leave to private interests
and to the biosecurity state to make that choice the second thing to remember is that those
primers could be changed because nobody was paying attention so at any point in time they
could ramp up or ramp down the specificity in any particular place if they wanted to be sure
that New Zealand and Australia found almost no cases of coronavirus and they got no confirmable
PCR positives that were false you could design a test that would be immune to that do you know how
we would use a very simple thing we would do two rounds of PCR and we would use nested
primers what are nested primers a primer is this so this is uh if we if we use the example that
we're doing now we were saying that this was 300 base pairs so maybe the primer is only 20
now that means that if you remember that the DNA or the yeah the DNA code is only four bases
there is a limited number of words that can be encoded or an limited number of of combinations
that can be 20 bases long so it is possible to imagine that these primers could partially
overlap with some other sequence and amplify something else so the way that academic biology
for the last 20 years at least every biologist and every university that has a bench knows this
the way to increase PCR specificity many fold is to just do another reaction where you put a PCR
primer set inside of the first one so that not only do you need amplification from the first
primer set but you need amplification from this primer set and if this primer set doesn't amplify
anything then you won't consider it a signal and so you can imagine again that if you wanted to be
very scrupulous you could you could take a lot of time to design these primers to make sure
that nothing could get passed that you screened out for mimicry that you screened out for overlap
with human sequences or with any other background that you wanted to to make sure you missed on the
other hand if you wanted to have a lot of noise if you wanted to have a lot of false
positivity if you wanted to create the illusion of a widespread epidemic and you were given the
opportunity to distribute tests like this it would be trivial to design molecular techniques that
produced fluorescence and indicated the presence of a virus when there was no RNA there or where
there was RNA from a background signal that you knew was there and you used to misconstrue it as
spread yeah and so there are so many ways that this could be done where the it's not about cycling
and that's one of the things where we talk about red herrings all the time arguing about cycling
got a lot of molecular biologists pissed because you know what they said cycling won't get you
past nested primers you guys you don't even know how PCR tests work but those same academic biologists
didn't have the responsibility and the the duty to themselves to go and check what the FDA approved
for the first 220 uh EUA FDA approved PCR tests which were single amplicon non-nested PCR tests
so these these academic biologists that that came out and spoke up and said come on you guys
don't know how PCR works actually fooled themselves because they themselves didn't go and check
that actually nested primers have never been used and if they were used they were only used
in Australia well why would they use it there because they wanted you to believe that lockdowns
worked so the PCR had to be very accurate and have no false positives but in America we didn't care
we were driving people that by the thousands through drive-up testing things the more positives
we had the better for us because the whole world would then believe there was a pandemic we were
used just like we were used on 9-11 to create the illusion of a global a global war on terror
we were used to create the illusion of a global pandemic i am absolutely certain of it i would
step in front of a train knowing that it's true yeah i mean there's more evidence to light on that
as well i mean talking about cotton DNA and RNA the US defense in ties with DARPA which is the
defense advanced research projects agency have allocated 65 million dollars to a program of
CRISPR technology now is it likely that many have this platform within them now from this
technology because i believe that DARPA we're working in association with the pharmaceutical
manufacturers of the shots is it highly likely now that this CRISPR technology is in the shots
within people it's created a platform within them that is now lying dormant but can be triggered at any time
i would say that's probably not true i can't say that it's it's not possible but i i don't think
that's true i think it's it's a little more simple and malevolent i do think that that the primary
goal was to get us to accept the idea that intramuscular injection when the state says you need it is
just something that you do i do think that right now the powers that be are actually trying to pretend
that that everything is going as planned but it's actually not and i think that that's one of the
big illusions that social media is able to sustain right now it's able to give give the illusion
that many more people bought in that many more people are on board and that it's just an inevitable
future that we have where where these kinds of technologies are going to work we just got to
work out the kinks or whatever it is and i think that push is on both sides of the of the narrative
it really it feels as though there are on people on both sides of of the debate about where the
virus came from they all agree that that in the future this is where we're going and and one of
the things that's become very clear to me after listening to a lot of these people talk is that
they have been frustrated like for example the human genome project if you listen to a lot of
the people that were involved at the higher levels of the human genome project one theme that you
hear very often is that they will lament that the human genome project one of the big conclusions
was that we need more data the only way that we're going to be able to crack the human genome is
if we have everyone's genome then maybe if we put all that data into an AI that it will be able to
like it solved the game go it will be able to solve the game of the human genome and i it sounds
almost ridiculous but that is the best way to distill the mythology that that drives the WEF
and drives all these venture capitalist firms and drives the mythology of Elon Musk that
it's just around the corner that all of these things are going to happen i just listened to a talk
yesterday from Ray Kurzweiler who said that by 2040 all diseases would be cured
that longevity would be solved we are really in the 20s he thought that that it's possible
that that childhood diseases genetic diseases will be cured but by the end of the 30s all
disease will be gone and so all he's got to do is live to the beginning of the 30s and then he'll
be able to live forever that's actually what he said which is just extraordinary level of of
it's it's kind of like an abomination to talk that way it's it's really
it's like god is a secret god kind of status doesn't it that's that's unfortunate when people
like Ray Kurzweiler get to a place in his life where he's created all these incredible leaps in
technology and things moving forward but all of a sudden you know they've got all these experts
behind them the you know the Noah Harari's and people like that that are all linked within the
world economic forum and this group of people unfortunately now think that they can play god
especially with the modification and the changes within the human body i mean right now the push
to create all new vaccines to be mrna concerns me because i don't think people realize that this
is going in and changing the the DNA and the RNA within the human body can i give you a little bit
of a dark thing i don't know if you've really if i've really made it clear yet but i really think
that that's that this is at the heart of it so i i end all of my streams every night with a slide
that asks the questions why are they really doing this and i think the reason why they're doing it
is because they're they don't plan to ever have 10 billion people on the planet again oh yeah that's
for sure i mean the geology guide sounds like that out yeah okay but now let's think about this
rationally if you have 10 billion people now you don't want them to go to waste
and so you better collect their data before they're gone in fact i would argue that if you use the
analogy of how AI solved go which is that they had the AI play itself millions of games until it was
better than a human yeah this is their opportunity for that level of data creation and data collection
that will never exist again you can't create 10 billion functioning human genomes with medical
lifetimes of medical data with a simulation you're not going to get a population like china out of
a simulation you're never going to get that data again and they know that china is already collecting
so we need to get collecting or we're going to fall behind we're going to we're going to lose
the race and if they get the if their AI cracks the code before our AI AI cracks the code well
now you understand why all of these leaders are willing to throw our families under a bus because
they want our kids they don't want us our our medical data is already useless our genomes already
expired like they want to babies the only way they get babies is to convince our kids that we're
crudmungin idiots and that the way forward is to give your data to the state that's why the
NIH has this program called all of us now where they're asking people to voluntarily turn over
all of their medical and genetic data because they're arguing that this is the way that we're
all going to win you know it's like wow okay maybe in theory but what they're actually doing is
inverting our sovereignty so that they can take it by force yeah do you think do you think the
likes of one two three and ancestry dot com uh we're all so um government sponsored absolutely
that's why joe rogan was the first and foremost seller of that are you kidding me absolutely yeah
i mean i would even argue that that
it
yeah i mean i i think that there's no real limit to to how we should potentially model what they
are doing because what they need to do is what they have said in TED Talks they need the data and so
they'll get it by any means necessary and what they can't learn how how transfection could
potentially work successfully if they tested on mice or they tested on monkeys the only way they
can ever hope to make this a safe and useful means of augmenting the human a human being
is to test on human beings now separate from that i will say that transfection is never going to
work to augment a human it is never going to be appropriate for healthy humans this is all just
absurdity we should be obviously i think you and i both believe that we should be working in a
completely different way to make people healthier um but these people nonetheless believe that
this that this destiny is to come and i i i i guess it's just a matter of how is this ideology going
to fracture humanity and how are we going to recover from it because that seems to be the
inevitable future is that these people are going to fracture humanity and so the question becomes
how are we going to either mitigate that or how are we going to prepare for the recovery yeah
what do you think about uh that's um junk DNA and you know what we possibly hold in
an active DNA that would have been naturally activated uh possibly during a you know a period
of a you know a 4,700 year cycle of the universe you know and is it possible that this widely
distributed weapon that we've seen now is there to hijack possibly the natural ascension of humanity
and other likes of chemtrails up there possibly blocking certain energies coming into the planet
that would help open up and activate junk DNA within people um i'm very hesitant to uh
that would be just me speculating i i do believe that there is reason to be skeptical of
the fidelity of understanding that they claim i do know for sure that my experience in neurobiology
has led me to firmly believe that the idea of looking for genetic causes or correlations with
genes is just an absolute waste of time um and it is just an insult to the sacredness of this
irreducible complexity that we are um but i do understand how many people have bought into it
but when you when you say junk DNA remember that's uh that's uh that's a remnant of the of the time
when and i still think it is it's it's a thing that that biologists say in order to deny how much
they don't know and and most of the time it's it's it's it's a disingenuous biologist because i
i think there are academic biologists out there that understand the limits of their science and
are just happy to dwell within it but then don't feel any responsibility to speak out as a broad
thinker and that's part of what i find very frustrating um i don't think i should be the only
person who who is enthusiastic enough about biology and also uh decided to go into it
professionally that can now step back and say wow everything i've ever known since i was a little
kid tells me this is wrong um and that's what i find most disappointing about the current crop
of of adults is because it doesn't seem like very many people are are waking up so i i'm i'm
worried but i'm also not worried because maybe that's not how it's supposed to happen maybe it's
supposed to be the kids and so i've been focusing more on trying to to heal this divide i think that's
that's you know you're talking about we let college kids go back to college take tests follow the edicts
of college deans and eventually transfect themselves best case scenario with an RNA
an ellipid nanoparticle that was fairly clean and you know fairly pure with whatever they
intended it to be but it's still a transfection and it still probably screwed them up and we need
to turn to those kids and say wow i'm really sorry that we weren't there for you i'm really sorry that
we didn't say stop um and how can we sort of make it up to you and i think the way that
that's part of the way this works because maybe one of the ways out is is that to keep people away
from university for a few years um but your question about junk DNA is is is is one again that i think
you know people have to start to explore more the idea that that what we have been told over and
over again about the human genome project was completed 10 years ago and since then we've made
so much progress in understanding all this stuff and it's basically all done it's just a matter
of you know rearranging the chairs a little bit then we'll call everybody in the room and make
the big announcement and people need to understand that that there has been a vested interest
in this that that that that we don't know yeah i i i don't i'm not really responding well to
your question i apologize no that's fine no it's well junk DNA is one of those things that when
it comes up i always get triggered by it because it is it's it was something that even when i was in
high school and my high school biology teacher was saying it um my first question was but that's an
awful lot of of wasted energy and time and and resources keeping things that we don't need and
could potentially be i guess detrimental right i mean if we're supposed to make sure we don't
turn it on what happens if it comes on what are those things and then in that discussion it was
actually my high school teacher who said well you know maybe it's not all maybe we just don't
know what it is and that that was already that one of the moments that i can still remember very
clearly in my head is as being a little step in the staircase of being a biologist and really
being like wow i really want to know yeah because it is the it is what we are who we are where we are
um it's fantastic yeah i mean greg braid mentioned in his series on Netflix that
we actually have evidence of modified DNA within our our genome already is is there a possibility
that we have been de-evolved through technology that we're unaware of um for previous centuries
that humanity you know has been altered in this way to dumb us down so we i think i think it's
much more simple i don't think it's i think it would i would always err on the side of
of biological parsimony and so in that sense toxins poisons
um environmental pollution uh toxicity of our food are all so much more potential
than any imaginary technology that they keep secret um it would be so much more plain and
simple for them to have been poisoning us and tell me they're not they're putting fluoride in a
water there's glyphosate in everything um and we don't talk about it at all we don't it says if
nothing now they just found some some uh some insecticide in the Cheerios but yeah so what
and so you're here you were left with this endless list of of potential for disaster that we're
supposed to ignore and we're supposed to focus on the virus from luhan and we're supposed to focus
on the effects of the spike protein or the DNA contamination they knew already five years ago
that transfection was inappropriate and healthy humans it might work for cancer
but those people are dying it might work for genetic disorders but those people live a terrible
life it doesn't work for beautiful four-year-olds that are just starting piano lessons like give me
a break yeah that's it now Salah's more about your work and what you ended up doing with
Robert's app Kennedy and the children's health defense um yeah so I worked for Bobby for a year
on the book and basically what that was was a lot of fact checking so if if a paper was used
I would kind of check to make sure that that paper said what Rob Bobby said it said
and there were a couple times where I had a zoom call with him where I would explain a paper
tell him whether that paper was right or wrong or why I was removing that paper
and that was a very uh I loved doing it it was really fun um but on the other hand once
it became very clear to me that the possibility that they just lied about it was not going to be
in the book I started to be have very I started to be have little sort of qualms about it I didn't
really know how to handle it and so Bobby and I had a discussion about it and Bobby explained to
me that he wanted it to be a historical document of what people said and what people thought and so
what we now think or what what you you think it it might be now isn't uh gonna make it in the book
and I don't know I feel neutral about that um I'm fine with it you know um children's health
defense has a partnership with with um with Sky Horse Publishing that they publish the
under their own name but it's Sky Horse that's doing it and uh so they have their own thing you
know when they they publish books and raise money with those books and I think a lot of the stuff
they publish is really important I think um the Vax on Vax book by uh Bobby and and Brian Hooker is
probably the most important book they put out I think the Fauci book is great um but the book
by Brian Hooker I think is extremely important because in that book the biology of why
asking schedule in America should be very be helped put under intense scrutiny um is something that
unfortunately I don't think is getting out as much as it should um so anyway long story short I
worked for Bobby for a year after that um the my friend and and colleague in the editorial group
that worked for CHD advocated for me to be hired and so Brian Hooker hired me in July of 23
um and I worked for Brian for about six months and uh on January 4th um they ended my position
because of something that I said on my December 23rd podcast between minutes 38 and 43 um in reviewing
that time period I was um speculating about the fact that Robert Malone was taking a dig on
CHD and that um CHD had helped him early on and had published his book and so I thought it was
really weird that he was saying that Bobby wasn't the best candidate for president because he's not
a very good manager and his statement was that CHD was his evidence of Bobby not being a good
manager so I was talking about why that was odd and I was that I was disappointed that that
Robert Malone said that and it was weird because he's very good friends with Meryl Nass who was the
longtime scientific advisor of CHD and so it seemed like not only was he kind of stab and Bobby and
CHD in the back but even his good friend Meryl and those six minutes were apparently somehow
objectionable and they let me go so um the reason why I can tell you that is because they offered me
an eight thousand dollar non-disclosure agreement and parting parting I don't know what that was
but I turned that down and so I'm I'm pretty open with talking about um what they do and what they
don't do I think there are an enormous number of really good people that are in CHD but I also
think that there are probably some some medlers there that make CHD less effective than they could
otherwise be and probably waste some of their resources that would otherwise go to better places
a good example might be the fact that they've tried to start CHD EU but all that's basically
been is a lot of money being taken from CHD USA and thrown over there and so if you if you look
into CHD you're going to find a tremendous number of good people the form first and foremost being
Brian Hooker Brian Hooker is a hero for the ages that's the guy who drove across the country to talk
to the CHCDC whistleblower face-to-face and basically blew the lid off of this whole story years ago
and maybe that's that's you know part of what CHD does is just kind of contain the jog or not
that is Brian Hooker I don't know but for me Brian Hooker is the hero of CHD and and and if you're
supporting CHD or supporting the book or work of Brian Hooker and if you want to support CHD
um I would say don't donate any money buy this book and give it to a friend or buy 10 of these
books and give it to a friend because you'll help CHD and Brian Hooker who I know for absolute
certain is a good guy yeah so anyway I worked for them but Brian ended up having to let me go and
I don't think he enjoyed that very much but we just had a meeting and he said it's done and I
I ended up going back on on air and uh I have now about 110 subscribers and and between that
and some other jobs I'm able to make ends meet but right now I'm just a biology teacher on the
internet and I think that's probably where I'm gonna remain um I feel like it's it's probably
what I'm supposed to be doing right now and so I've been working on on starting a couple new
series um it's it's been taking me a while to get done spinning my wheels um and I will freely
admit it I was absolutely blindsided I thought that I was working for the best organization in
the United States and I was so proud to be working for them so humbled to be working for them my
family finally had insurance again and so when they let me go I was like getting kicked out of
a moving truck it was much worse than getting fired by or beginning let go by pit because I was
already yelling at people and I was already done with them and I was frustrated with that career
and I knew that I had to figure out this biology and I was driven at that time and so this I felt
like I had finally found my home and I thought I was about to you know really start working um and
instead uh I still don't really know and so I'm just trying my best not to I don't want to be a
bull in a candy or a china shop and just wreck stuff because I'm mad and so I'm very careful
about about talking about what happened at CHD because yeah it hurt my family and it really
set me back uh my family back personally um but I do not dare try to kick too hard at CHD because
this too they're too important and those people are too important and what they stand for is too
important um but it's it's been hard and so I've been kind of using my stream as a way of exploring
this people web and understanding the relationships between all these people because it's weird I've
met almost all of them in person multiple times and then had them somehow or another behave
inconsistently and that's a friendly way of saying basically lie um and so uh a lot of people are
frustrated by my work because they don't like that aspect of it but I also feel some obligation
to share my story simply because very few people have personal experience with them and so
they can't speak they can't speak to you know how somebody is in person and I can and and a lot
of times you see very clearly someone after you shake their hand and talk to them face to face
for a few minutes at least if they're lying um and and uh so that that's where I am now is trying
to rebuild my platform I got a peer tube um which is kind of an independent clone of youtube that
I'm storing my videos on on twitch and on other places trying to fight against
what I'm now calling in grand terms the worst case scenario narrative and I feel like climate
change is a worst case scenario narrative the population is a worst case scenario narrative
running out of resources or food or whatever it is that we're running out of now is a worst case
scenario narrative and in fact the pandemic is a worst case scenario narrative and the
the way that I am trying to sort through the people who are shepherding us out of the cave
is to try and and look at these people what they were doing in 2020 and whether or not they were
pushing a worst case scenario um and what aspects of it and how long they were involved in it because
some of these people were involved in this in this whole apparatus for many more years than
than the start of the pandemic I mean just anecdotally there's a guy by the name of Kevin McCernan
who has become quite famous for having identified the double stranded DNA that has contaminated
the Moderna and Pfizer shots and him and this guy from the University of South Carolina named
Buckholtz have now started this kind of campaign to find cell cultures that have DNA that seems to
be integrated into the genome and even trying to find patient samples where they can look for
integration of this DNA in the genome and I find it interesting to note that that Buckholtz for
example was very early on a high proponent of PCR testing and very involved in the sequencing
of the viruses and all that other stuff and now he's involved in calling out the contamination
of the shot which he and his own words said would have been fine if it didn't have the DNA in it
and in fact he's very upset to find out it has the DAA because it wouldn't have bothered him for
his parents but it definitely would bother him for his daughter and so saying those words out loud
reveals all the truth that you need to hear. Kevin McCernan his kind of partner in this
is a guy who dropped out of grad school worked at the Whitehead Institute at MIT at the start
of the Human Genome Project and so has been involved since the Human Genome Project was a
top secret thing under the Department of Energy. So now this person happens to also be the guy who
says that infectious clones are silly and that Dr. Cooley is kind of nuts and he shouldn't pay
attention to him even though he was on my stream twice in 2021 and 2022 to tell me that the RNA
was was not pure and that the RNA could cause wobble bases and premature stop codons and frame
shifting. So it's strange that all of those aspects of the transfection are being ignored
and no longer a concern but it's just the double stranded DNA that is a concern and if we get that
out then maybe we don't have to throw the baby out with the bath water and transfection works
after all and I think that that this is the kind of big picture biology that we need college age
kids to understand we need young parents to understand so that they go into the future the near future
understanding that they are about to be bullied again into accepting it and they will be but they
will for sure be bullied into it our grandparents and and those old people in old folks homes are
already being bullied into it. No it is disgraceful. What is your views on the
increasing use of technology to tap into the human mind the likes of New Orleans from Elon Musk
and others like Google and Larry Page who have developed in their own as well as billionaires
like Peter Field? Is this something that's good for humanity or has this got more of a dark side to it?
It's it can only be dark. I mean let's let's let's keep a couple things in mind just to be sure
controlling a mouse with your mind is not magic it's not a big deal you can actually do this without
implant you don't need to put anything in you could get a helmet that had sensors in it that could
transcranially measure your your bulk signals of your neocortex and you could control a mouse
with your neocortex that that's something that if they wanted to do they could do it right now
they're they are using invasive techniques to do it in paraplegics in order to give you the idea
that this is going to become normal. What we ought to do is start if anybody that wants to
penetrate this should just try to find neurobiologists that work on monkeys to talk about it because
neurobiologists that work on monkeys implant things in the monkey head all the time and they have all
all the experience you need to understand whether or not implants in the brain are
something that's really feasible and a healthy human it's just absurd and the the second aspect
of this is that they are misrepresenting what what they are doing there there is a
there is a difference between measuring signals and using those signals to create output and measuring
signals and deciding what they mean. So what they are fooling people into is is thinking that when
they put that implant in your head that they're now reading your brain when in reality all they're
doing is listening to it and when they listen to it and they can hear the difference between
it and they can hear the difference between and that does not mean that they understand what the
difference is between those two signals but if they take a sufficiently simple thing like I want to
move the cursor left right up and down and they listen to a sufficient portion of the brain then
just by the way that the brain functions there will be enough signal above noise for the
electrode to pick up something that the algorithm can use as a correlate. So that's the reason why
when someone has a robotic arm they don't need to hook up to any particular nerve in the wrist in
order to make that thing move because what they do is they just say okay close your hand
and then they record whatever signal shows up and then that signal gets told to okay close the
hand so now when you say close your hand the same signal goes there you don't know what the
signal is but your brain makes the same signal and that closes the hand and so now if you imagine
the same thing okay tell the mouse you want to move left well first you have to train it so
you train it with your hand that paraplegic probably trained it with his mouth and then once he
stopped training it with his mouth sure the residual signals that can be recorded from your brain
is sufficient for you to move the mouse with your brain but that's an illusion that doesn't mean
that we understand how the brain encoded any of those things it just means that the signal to noise
ratio in the brain is distributed in such a way so that if you take training and correlate it with
brain behavior you can use that as a proxy and that relies on the person also understanding
it as a proxy because that person will be told off screen you're still going to have to move it
with your mouth it's just we're not going to put that thing in your mouth anymore and eventually
you will learn your brain unbeknownst to us will learn how to you won't have to go you won't have to
do that so much anymore and slowly your brain will learn how not to do that but that's a process
we already understood we understood that from joystick movement that we could take a joystick
and use it and use it and use it and then now you could stop and imagine using the joystick and
the same signals show up we knew that for decades already so the idea that you're tapping into this
they are they it's literally a stage show it's a magician's trick to make you believe that we're
a decade away from being able to read everything in your mind and before you know it you're going
to have to go to work when we tell you to and you're not going to be able to go to the bathroom
without being monitored all of these things don't require the magic technology they just
require everybody to be required to wear a monitor that's it yeah so it's an illusion it's got it
as you say it's gotten the various uses because they're obviously going to use it for for other
reasons um do you think currently that we are in an age now where we are most likely to see
bioterrorisms as the weapon against humanity i have a feeling we're in a situation where a lie
about bioterrorism will be used against humanity i don't think that bioterrorism can be used
unless it is manufactured in sufficient quantity to be used on everyone yeah in other words um
like blue paint if the blue paint has to get on everybody the only way for that to happen is
for you to make enough blue paint and so bioterrorism is exactly the same way if there is a bioterrorist
event that happens and everybody is actually affected everybody turns pink it will because
they made enough of it that's the only way mother nature can't do it yeah we mentioned a little bit
earlier about the possibility of more gallant's disease being the precursor to what we've seen
here in regards to altering the human body through possibly contaminants outside sources maybe
injections um this is a disease that produces strands that will grow out of people's skin
and when tested this is of a synthetic nature and still they haven't come up with the reasons why
maybe that's because they don't want to disclose what they've done but science doesn't seem to be
coming up with the the results for this it isn't something that i'm hearing a lot of bang onto
any more i'm probably going back about 10 years where i was made aware of this and saw it coming
out um is it possible that this was just a test phase um what which this do you mean the more
gallant's disease the synthetic fibers come in oh i think that there's something very interesting
there because of the fact that i've only recently become aware of the the idea that spirochetes
these bacteria that are responsible for syphilis and responsible for limes disease or at least
partially some people say i don't know there might be many forms of limes disease but one is
spirochete carried and then this thing that you just recently alerted me to
um what i find most compelling is that almost all of the the biology topics that i have become
aware of in the last four years which have some degree of sketchiness to them have to do with
what appears to be if i can summarize it as taking the spotlight off of bacteria and putting it on
something else so you take the spotlight off of bacteria by saying it's a viral pneumonia and
then nobody uses antibiotics and hundreds of thousands of people die you take the spotlight
off of spirochetes and syphilis if you call it Alzheimer's disease or and i'm starting to wonder
to what extent i mean this this possible pattern of taking the spotlight off of bacterial cause
and putting it on an on a on essentially non-living cause what if it's a prion what if it's a virus
what if it's a a viran or a vivirian or whatever they are that are naked r&a all of these things
that are non-living entities that are hard to study and very elusive and get a Nobel prize very
quick all seem to have this theme that they take the spotlight away from a bacterial cause and put
it on a non-living cause which i find a very compelling pattern yeah yeah now we mentioned a
little bit earlier when we were talking about fluoride being something that has been put into
the water it's been used by dentists and it's been known to be something that is a dumbing down
agents but also within the problems that you mentioned there with people with the likes of
Alzheimer's this is linked so to say into the amount of aluminium that is around us where
they were cooking with it ingesting it through many different forms foil and stuff like that
well fluoride is a byproduct of the aluminium smelted process so is it likely that both of these
things are what is causing cognitive problems in people i mean as i we said earlier i think that
toxins environmental toxin and toxicity are always where to start and we never start there
now and america is surrounded and bathing in toxins because of our fda and
lack of fda whatever you want to call it the way that the fda makes it possible for us to be
drowning in toxins and and the worst aspects of american culture are lotions and creams and
perfumes and detergents and and so if you really are are that kind of skilled tv watching american
your house is full of these toxins your your yard is full of them your water has them in it and
you drink nothing but you know things out of plastic and you know things that it's just an
extraordinary amount of it's a huge bouquet of potential for poor health that that we in western
society just absolutely wholly ignore and and try to think about the world as being composed of a
few viruses and i don't know i guess the rest is just it's very it's very puzzling to me indeed
yeah yeah is it likely that the multiple safe and effective shots that are on the market would
not for the prevention of covid whatsoever absolutely yeah even if even if on the drawing board
um at best they could make the argument that they were jumping through the hoop of intention
yeah but without a doubt and i'm making this argument very vociferously every time i can
there are hundreds of thousands of academic biologists around the world that have used
transfection for years and should have known that a lipid nanoparticle with an RNA and it is no
different than lip effectamine which is a product that a lot of these people have used for years
to transfect their mice or their cell cultures to do their study so they should have known from
the very beginning when they were told that these were investigational vaccines that they were
actually transfections and they should have taken the responsibility to teach everyone they loved
that these were transfections and that whatever they're saying is wrong so many of these people
still have a waking moment in their future they need to have this waking moment or we will not
survive because our children have to have this waking moment and they won't if college professors
en masse don't have a waking they need to understand this and take responsibility for their
being asleep at the wheel even if they just apologize to every classroom of college kids
that comes this fall and they say you know what guys i really blew it yeah they need to do it
and i want every one of these academic professors to feel the kind of guilt that i feel now
because i still do feel guilt i lost two one really good friend and one
former girlfriend long long distance contact to the shot basically because i wasn't sophisticated
enough to extract myself from the Scooby-Doo mystery to say that you don't need this at that time i
was still you know maybe it's a lab leak holy shit and so then that then all bets are off you
know if you say you're not gonna take it i'm i'm gonna decide to take it and so if i could have
talked to Nathan my friend the way that with what i know now before he took the transfection i
might have saved his family i don't know but now he's gone now they have no father anymore now it's
disgraceful and there's thousands like that as well and you know people just don't people choose
to ignore it because i imagine that you know if so many people have a ticking time bomb inside them
it's probably a lot easier to ignore the fact that there's all these people dying around them
and that's no way to to progress and stop what's coming now we have a neighbor we have a neighbor
that we used to live next to we don't live next to her anymore as we moved two years ago but we at
the time i didn't have a job so i was working on my stream and i was walking my kids to the bus and
i would walk with her every morning and i was explaining to her what i was doing and i told her
that i was friends with bobby and writing this book with him and she gave her kids the shots
and so now you know those that those boys come over to our house every once in a while and
because my boys were friends with them and they still have sleepovers even though we live on the
other side of pittsburgh now um but when they come over here chris i don't know how to explain it
other than they're always sick yeah i mean they're just always sick and it's not really sniffly it's
kind of more like wow you are you okay like you should maybe you should have stayed home but my
kids don't get sick and they're just kind of always sick and they want to come over but it's it's to
me it's it's it's just obvious like those were healthy children when we lived next door to them
they were they were running around with my kids and we're fine and now i i i can't help but think
that they must be they must have had something happen to them because they're not healthy anymore
they're always coughing and they sound awful and so it's it's just to me it's heartbreaking because
that person that woman who is our friend is never probably gonna go there because she doesn't want
to think about it you know and doesn't want to admit it and so i don't know maybe everybody
is going to have to have their own personal pain that wakes them or their own personal loss that
wakes them because um for all of us you know that i kind of kind of got lucky right i was really
fired up about my career and when they took it away from me i was devastated i didn't know what
to do i panicked i you know i lied to my parents for a while about what happened and stuff because
i didn't know what i was doing i i was really worried that i ruined my family you know like
wow what are we gonna do um i took my dutch wife here and my kids here and i thought wow i just
stranded him here like what are we gonna do um so i had lost early that woke me up i also was awake
from 9 11 already and there are lots of people who weren't so the the deeper you were asleep the
harder it's gonna be to awaken um i don't know i think that's why we have to focus on the young
because right now the contemporary liars are here we can we can turn to the tv in the presence of
our young people and say look i mean it's obvious right even if you don't you don't agree with my
interpretation of what is happening you have to agree that they're not telling you the truth and
once we can disconnect them from that then we can start maybe empowering them to critically
think about what's really happening and see through it because you know the whole system is
obviously gamed against us there are people who aren't affected by the banking system and then
there are people like us who are enslaved by it right yeah um and and we need people to understand
that we need that that's part of what 9 11 brought me to was the whole fractional reserve banking
thing that that blew up completely after 9 11 what i didn't understand was then that
had to mean that anything that was controlled by a weaponized pile of money would necessarily
use the same level of chicanery and it just took me 20 more years in a pandemic to realize it that's
all yeah definitely now would it be a fair observation to say obviously what happened in
Wuhan and the images that we're seeing of people dying and then the whole propaganda machine
kicked in was a big driver towards pushing the vaccines into people if their goal the ultimate
goal was to get i mean i believe it's around 70% of the population have taken these shots now
if that was their ultimate goal we know that it was not for the prevention of something that
they made up i mean this is the most elaborate hoax i have ever seen in my life
um but what do you think the true purpose of the vaccine is i thought as i said before maybe i
didn't didn't get it out as clear i really think it is for them to achieve a sort of acceptance
of the idea that intramuscular injection and specifically transfection you know at
augmenting with RNA in a it works they want you to think that this is the way forward in medicine
because the next step will be of course that chris your your immune system is specific so
we can't use the same RNA that we use on you that we use on j and so the next logical step is
personalized medicine where we don't ever have to test anything again because everything that
we make is for you and what that also opens the door for is independently uh enabling or disabling
anybody they want to uh and and i think that getting to the stage where you accept regular
intramuscular injection which we've already basically gotten to is a stage where at any
point in time they can just substitute and then yes chrisper could be tested yes your life could
be shortened or you could be sterilized or any number of things that are whose mechanisms would
be well understood could be put in that needle um and so again without having to give them any
special technologies or any special new nanobots or any other magical things in their drawer all
you have to do is give them permission to put shit in your arm and we're already up shit creek
without a paddle and that's already i think the primary objective was to make people accept the
idea because they're gonna do it we've already seen it they're not there aren't going to be any
more flu shots in a couple years that are done the other way they're all going to be mRNA and the
old people especially pneumonia shot RSV shot combination covid flu shot these are just these
are just whatever recipe they want to use next year now and and if we don't
resist it with full-on united non-compliance it's going to be a sector of the company
that just does it forever and we're gonna we're gonna be fractured on that and what happens after
that is anybody's guess i mean throughout history we've seen very key players step forward well-known
people Bill Gates's father people within the Nazi movements and even people to this day in very
high positions have been associated with the eugenics program to kill people off is it possible that
what they're bringing about is by the very same people part of this eugenics program
I think yes but again it just you have to be very careful to imply depopulation
actively because i don't think they they want that because they want to use the resource that
they have if you think about it as a multi-generational battle that we're in i think what really they're
planning on doing is something like you gotta you got a population that went up here and now
as they ramp it down they want to collect the data as they ramp it down this might be three
generations you know this is maybe my kids and then my grandkids and then my great-grandkids
that's what they're thinking and so by the time they get down here to two billion they will have
collected the data of 30 billion people or 20 billion people and then by then they will be able
to make this promise right and so this i do think that they lie about the short term because they
want everybody to go limp that's why Kurtzweiler goes around and says it's going to be in like 10
years because they want everybody to go limp the same way that they they have these college kids
thinking that the earth is going to burn down in like six years and so they might as well give up
and not not fight for a future and i think that's the same illusion they don't want you to understand
that this is a multi-generational game they want you to think that everything is going to end really
soon so that you don't take any action that's meaning yeah but they're not going to waste this
resource this is these are if you look at the area under the curve this would be a tremendous
number of people to just kill off and throw in a ditch when you could collect their data over their
lifetime which is exactly what Craig Ventner and and and leader Berg and all these old school
connected to the genome project from the very start have been saying from the very beginning that we
need everyone's data yeah i mean humans as a resource do you think it's possible that the
patterns holders of the DNA author and products could actually lay claim to the ownership of
humans in the future it's it's curious right what if they could in their own private rooms
does it matter if they do it in our face or if they just do it in private rooms i think you
we have to start expanding our the possibilities of how we are actually governed and stop thinking
that it's you know just some little piles of money under the table here and some bribes over
there and maybe a hooker here and a hooker there it's much much more complete and and much more
hierarchical than that and a vast majority of what we see is not the vast majority of what's working
behind those scenes yeah and and that's where yes we could easily be being traded right now our
kids could already be being traded right now for all we know yeah yeah all of a sudden the
humans become a stock on the stock exchange and yeah they are absolutely they are valuable yeah
yeah and more importantly we are valuable as data and think very carefully biologically speaking
there is a very different data set in china a very different data set in the philippines and a
very different data set in russia then there is in america our our unique multi multi cultural
multi ethnic genome combinations provide very unique go games that may never exist again you
may never find a french irish philippino indian like me again never and so you you better get my
genes or that that go game will not be available for the ai library like that's that's the actual
way i think i think about this the best is that they're just they need as many games as they can
get and we are the game yeah now jeffrey apstein was involved in gene editing at mit and harvard
where he pledged 30 million now some of the professors even visited apstein diamond what do you think
his involvement was for and could he have just been the cash cow told to fund this by higher
authorities yeah i don't know about apstein i have the feeling that somehow he's one of those
shiny objects again um that we're being asked to explain more with him than what he actually explains
um i have no doubt that he was back there and i'm no doubt they meddled in stuff but i think
we're being asked to explain more with him than we should and so i tend not to pay too much attention
to that i i do pay attention a lot to mit media labs which he was very connected to i do
pay attention to george church because he says a lot of the crazy things that kurtzweiler says
and has been this motivating force behind the eventually where we're gonna get and how much mastery
we're gonna attain that i don't i think is in it a lie but still he's been one of the foremost
speakers of that and he was a very close associate with um with with Epstein i think that that it's
important to understand that there are lots of ways to influence people but maybe the easiest
way to influence people is to make people feel like they are a part of something special or a part
of something secret and so Jeffrey Epstein may have just been a publicized version of what happens
in a in a thousand different places in a thousand different ways um where people are made to feel
part of something secret special and elite and maybe there's drugs or sex or money or comfort or
something involved and Jeffrey Epstein i think is one of almost a characterized version of that
because if you were allowed to hang out with peter teal i'm not just not you and me but just
hypothetically you got invited to a party you didn't know it was going to be there and it turned out
to be peter teal and elon musk and they said that they wanted you to be a part of their new media
empire and they were going to give you a podcast and it was the year 2017 you might have said holy
shit that sounds great and then the pandemic comes along and then they call you up and say hey
don't question the virus for a couple years would you and all of a sudden you've played a little role
in it right and that's that's really it's like this and there's a million different
million different versions of that story that are actively happening and we're we're supposed
to focus on Jeffrey Epstein that's all yeah that's it there's obviously a clear halfway that they
want to achieve things and those small steps along that path involved many people and that seems to
be something that you know has created the whole illusion that we're living in and it's quite
scary when you consider that that's i mean think the people that go to the wf forum on the lower ends
are people that are working for local governments but think it's totally okay for those local
governments to spend hundred thousand dollars to send them to dominoes they don't see any contradiction
in that at all and then buy a fancy suit and going to that meeting even though they only sit
in a room and they only talk about hypotheticals and they bring nothing back to their local
municipality but they're totally fine with that that shows you how blinding that membership can be
and blinding that sort of comfort and elitism can be um it will make people behave very very
unscrupulously definitely a friend of mine Amanda Uranus researcher and reporter
and she recently put our sub stack on hydrogels which is causing quite the discussion online at
the moment what what do you know about hydrogels and we're finding hydrogels in blood i went and
had a live blood analysis done to see what was going on within myself and i'm full of hydrogels
now it appears that people who have taken the shots have hydrogels but within the hydrogels
are very strange structures that have been formed and built within those i don't have those
structures within mine but i do have the hydrogels what are you aware of in regards to these we're
still not a hundred percent sure what they are whether they're a vehicle to carry something
where they're coming from how they're getting into the unvaxed um what's your opinion on these
um i don't really have one um i i was so i'm i'm wondering off the top of my head whether
they're related at all to the biofilm that was associated with uh spirochetes and syphilis um
is that the same thing is that a is that the same name for a different thing i'm not aware
of what they are in regards to that but i just know that this is what we're seeing in live blood
analysis and it's not just how do they how do they describe it chemically or or or whatever
it's it's it's a small pocket which seems to almost have bioluminescence
and it is a lot larger than the cells within the blood itself
and anybody that's going and taking a live blood analysis now regardless who you use
so this is not something that's specific to one analysis this is a lot of analysis
around the world are now finding these and these hydrogels are being seen strangely enough
only since 2020 onwards um i would suggest that if that's the case that they were probably
testing the administration of something that they either want to know if it can be used um or
want to know the long-term effects of um it's it to me one of the things that's frustrating of
course is that i'm almost certain that they that they put different stuff in different places so that
people would be confused because different things happened in different places and those
those stories would allow debunking those stories would allow um ridicule and uh you know some things
to sound absurd and so if there was a contaminant in spain that somebody could take a picture of
under a microscope but they couldn't find it in america then they were it would be very easy for
them to say one was was nonsense um so with regard to that um and if we look at this as a pre-planned
thing then i don't think they would have let this opportunity go to waste so if there were things
that they wanted to test i guess they probably did test them um and therefore i don't i don't
dismiss out of hand the idea that some people might have these uh graphene particles or something
like that in them as well because uh it's only a question of intention i mean if this was really
an opportunity to test a few technologies without the no uh without the knowledge of anybody around
the world and and use it that way uh well um that i'd put nothing past them um yeah it's unfortunate
that those things make resistance harder because they are create national natural places where
where medlers can create uh disagreement where there shouldn't be you know right and and so
it's it's tough they are they are very very organized they have thought a lot of this out
and we are in the middle of a progression um we shouldn't be thinking we're getting toward the
end we're in the middle of it even if we're off script they are behaving as though we are right
right right in the in the groove um and i don't think we are i think we we've got them off course
and so we as a collective need to keep the pressure steady um so that we eventually run the ship
aground i don't know where we'll run aground but i i really don't think we're going to the destination
they intended i think we would be in a much different place if they had as much success as they intended
to when they said there was going to be a a winter of severe illness and death for all everybody
that's not vaccinated they were still hoping um at that stage that they were going to be able to bully
us into a greater percentage of taking the shot because if they get rid of the control group they
win yeah that's that's what i think is the issue here um they needed whole families to buy in but
they didn't they fractured families so now there's a sick half of the family and a healthy half of
the family that's a problem right you've got you've got teachers that can see it in their classrooms
but don't dare say it out loud wow so there's kids with 15 days that they miss and there's kids
it with no misses and they can see that that's a pattern that didn't happen three years ago but
they can't admit it to themselves but all of these people are going to start to see facets of the
elephant and it's just a question of us being able to keep beating the drums so that they all
when they see it they're they feel the courage to acknowledge it yeah what do you know about the
extents of the influence of the world economic forum in regards to what it has over the sciences
and universities not to really wow um in my experience it had none um in my experience the
main influence of anything on universities is uh the NIH and everybody that provides money so from
a biological faculty position um it felt very much like a game where you i guess you could say
it this way you either found a way to make yourself indispensable to the faculty
with some other means like teaching or or grad student recruitment or you know you could make
yourself useful somehow if you were lucky and you and you brown-nosed enough but if you were
independent the only way to make yourself untouchable in the university was have so much money they
couldn't kick you out and so that meant that you were wholly dependent on the funding agency
giving you money um so i i was often taught that way by by my colleagues is that i should think of
this as a game of money if you get enough money you can do it ever you want and if you don't get
enough money then you're going to have to listen to all these people and do what all these people
say and take all these people's advice and until you get RO1 money you're going to have to play that
game but once you get RO1 and you can tell everybody to shove it so um the university system i think
gets impinged upon um differently depending on the department and so because the university
isn't only biomedical faculty i think you get influence from other places which also receive
funding and grants and so in that sense um that's i think how they get to them but it's an indirect
science i think science in the grand scheme of things is is more immune to that kind of influence
like from WEF kind of influence um but if the NIH is influenced by the WEF or the you know i i think
the WEF is a very specific kind of of military industrial complex coordinating group i think they
must be primarily involved in in in national governments that like deal in arms or deal in big
money i i don't i'm trying to think of multi-national trade you know because most of the partners in
the WEF are multinational corporations and so they they serve the interests of them and i don't see
that so an academic biology it's it's uh it's the isolation that works yeah so and do you think
this conflicting interests in regards to the funding to a lot of science and universities
through big pharma um yes but it's indirect big pharma influences NIH
and FDA and and and that's how they influence the funding um there there's more and more funding
available for academic science but so much of what industry is interested in is is things that
can be turned into a product and so much of academic biology is a couple steps away from that um and so
or WEF even even as i'm talking about it right now i'm kind of feel like i'm making an argument
for the fact that academic biology could still be saved yeah it isn't so directly corrupted but
it is corrupted mostly by this this this model of specialization where where it's oh you're almost
it i'll give you an example um you run a lab of five grad students and you have uh three labs that
come together for a journal club and so you've got three labs they have each have grad students
and they all work on different areas in the brain and so you get together for a journal club and
the expectation would be for you to choose a journal club article that's closely related to
the project that you're doing and so then you'd have you know journal club articles about the
hippocampus or the amygdala or or dopamine and and that's it because that's what those three labs
focus on yeah and i would be the guy who would come in and bring uh bring uh a paper from cancer
biology or a paper from uh the genetics of of of inbred dog breeds and want to talk about the
broad implications of the biology that they found here and the kind of resistance that you would
meet um i always found it was actually fun i i knew that i was going to get it because these people
have subconsciously accepted that they're only allowed to stand in this spotlight and
as long as they stand in this spotlight they're safe the moment they move out of this spotlight
now they're vulnerable and now they could sound like an idiot and people can question them and
they might get something wrong and so they don't they don't bother um and i have never been that
kind of student and and i think that that's where academic biology has its greatest weakness is
that they don't have any faculty members even the department head does not bother to try and
understand what his department's big idea is because there is no big idea there's 35 very
tiny focused ideas yeah there is no neurobiology department in the united states that has a focus
on something and we're all working on it because that would defeat the whole they would all be
competing for the same money then so you've got to have a diverse faculty that doesn't compete and
doesn't encroach on each other's research and by definition then can't grow together has to grow
separately can't build on each other's stuff and so it's a real it's a real illusion that that all
of them have i bought into for 20 years that you are contributing to the pushing of the the cutting
edge and that there's a there's a real good cartoon that i can draw for that is that what you're you
believe you're doing is collectively pushing forward the cutting edge of knowledge but actually what
you're doing is you're collectively pushing forward little tiny pieces of the the cutting edge and
this area is what is being used against us they lie about all this stuff in between and they lie
about it until they're blue in the face because they know they can get away with it because nobody
specializes here and so they just keep endlessly dividing biology so that they can work there is
the virology is right here only their people are working on coronaviruses so there's no danger
and here's the vaccinology people well only people that they fund are working on that stuff
so as long as they control the way that the edge of knowledge is pushed forward and do
it in a way that's uncoordinated you get this fractured edge of edge of knowledge that that
people misconstrued as understanding but if the edge is in smooth this is just noise
yeah you don't really know what you know in this scenario you know what you know when you're here
because all of these ideas reinforce one another i know this is a really simple
figure but i think it really kind of hits home to what what has happened in academic biology
definitely over the past few years the uh one of the key influences and governments around the
world has been the world health organization and now they are looking to take control over the
health rules and regulations of all the countries around the world why are they doing this and does
it look like they will be successful in their goals um they're doing it because this is the
mythology that they want us to be governed by um but as an american i know very simply all of you
need to do is step out of the un step out of the who stop funding the who and change the prep act
to allow us so that we can sue pharmaceutical companies for damages um and so there are very
easy ways that we can change american law to make it so that pharmaceutical companies have
strict liability for these products and if we did that then the who would not have any power
over us anymore because they couldn't declare an emergency that we'd have to act to so i think
that part of the the sort of distraction again is to to engage in the who if you fight the who
then the who is legitimate if you just step out of the who then the who doesn't matter and i don't
think they want anybody in the western world to realize that if the western world stepped
out of the who the who wouldn't be the who anymore yeah um and so i think that that's the that's
another one of these things where if they get you to argue about what's in the who treaty then you
have already accepted that the who treaty has power over you instead if you go elect a few
representatives to change american law the who can never have power over us again but they don't
want you to know that simple solution funny old thing really isn't it yeah
so i had something that um you know about the brain and the way things are being altered at
the moment so i was listening to a guy talking with tucker Carlson and i believe that it is
possible that triggering neurons in the brain can actually now cause cytokine storms within the
body which effectively will kill people is this something that you're aware of i'm not aware of it
it doesn't surprise me um again keep in mind that that we know enough about the human immune
system to screw it up yeah you know enough and we know enough to i mean we know enough to make a
bomb um you know it it's it's uh it definitely possible and and more importantly it's it is
something that relatively recently in neuroscience we've started to probe the amount of connectivity
between the brain and the rest of the body yeah and of course no one is surprised to find out
that that connectivity is very very uh very robust especially with the with the gut um and so this
is uh something that that again neuroscience is aware of but because of the compartmentalization
of neuroscience most people are compartmentalized never to study it so the phenomenon will remain
kind of a mystery for quite a while i think because it benefits them yeah yeah i mean i
remember looking into stuff and researching about how i mean we'll talk about the gut instinct
um but the actual connection of the gut being a major component to the the information that goes
to the brain the same with the heart as well and and the fact that these have their very own
thinking capability separate to the brain itself speaks volumes about what they could
you know possibly do and it makes me wonder as well whether we focused our attention more to
these areas you know what it's possible for humans to do in their own development moving
forwards in regards to you know just sitting there i mean a lot of people may think meditation
something that is you know swedos science crazy stuff stay away from it but if we were able to
focus and maybe listen more to the gut listen more to the heart which is what we hear from a lot of
people within that area um you know what could we achieve over time if this was something that
become part of the educational system i agree i mean think of it very simply i would i would
encourage your listeners to think of it very simply if you put the time into it you can become
a very competent piano player if you put the time into it you can become a very competent athlete
and if you put the time into it you can become a very very healthy individual and i i don't think
that that you can underestimate how much and a concerted effort to improve one's health will
improve one's health they don't want you to understand how how how just the choices that you
make in your daily life can that's 99 percent of the game i mean if if we all could manage the
discipline to get up before sunrise and and eat a decent breakfast after a half an hour of reasonable
exercise the vast majority of who don't do that would feel that a kind of revelation that that
we didn't think was possible there are probably 150 million americans that haven't exercised
with a reasonable schedule in 20 years and all of them all of them would benefit from
a change in schedule that just included 20 minutes of light exercise a day and a slight change in
their diet but the idea that so much opportunity exists so much potential exists and yet we focus
on what pill we can take or what supplement we can put in or or what what intramuscular injection
our doctor recommends for us shows us it should show us how little responsibility has been left
for us when we should have had all the responsibility we should take all the response i remember when
i was a child i had many adults say the reason why you shouldn't use drugs is because your body is
a temple have you ever heard that in the last 15 years that your body's a temple i mean my goodness
if we just started with that simple phrase with our our two-year-old kids why you don't go to
McDonald's because your body's a temple why don't we smoke because your body's a temple why do i eat
all these organic vegetables because your body's a temple why are we exercising this morning again
papa because your body's a temple because it's your one thing that god gave you that you have
responsibility to take care of besides the besides the garden that is the earth you have a responsibility
to take care of the god-given body that you have and and we just have we have as Americans especially
it's just disturbing how we have given up the stewardship over our own bodies it's just disgusting
yeah it is definitely now with the push towards the rest of these vaccines to become in
mRNA products entirely and we know that there's different rules and regulations and laws within
the pharmaceutical industry which allows them to not have as many restrictions on developing vaccines
can the likes of the hippocampus nerve cells be altered by spike proteins that will then cause
possibly dumbing down of people or even just the onset of depressions if it goes there
you know that's the thing i mean wherever the natal lipid nanoparticle goes it will potentially
provoke an autoimmune reaction which which will necessarily if if it were to go into neurons my
assumption would be that the the nervous system would probably take those neurons out yeah and so
if if the potential is there i mean it could also go to your brainstem it could also go to
your breathing center i mean there's there's lots of different potential given the fact that the
lipid nanoparticles can actually go anywhere including across the blood brain barrier and so
it may be just a question of how unlucky you got if you if the vast majority of the
transfection that you had occurred in your liver then you probably were okay if the vast majority
the transfection occurred in your ovaries maybe you'll never notice because you don't plan to
have kids but if the transfection occurred at the blood brain barrier you probably had a stroke and
you don't tell of anybody about it so it's a it's a thing again where that worked for their
advantage because there wasn't a consistent signal across this damage because of the bouquet
of possibilities that that is provoked by this you know wide distribution of it so
and that's also what makes this this story of the bolus idea that if they hit a vein it's much
worse it makes it interesting because that does indeed suggest that the transfection could go
different places depending on how it hit entered and interacted with your body and so
i think there's no question that this worked in their advantage because this again made it very
easy for them to say oh the myocarditis was from the the adenavirus you know and the so we'll block
we'll we'll get rid of the j and j shot and then everything will be fine and i think a lot of this
was really an orchestrated theater to get you to believe that in the end the mr and a was pretty
good and only because they rushed it whereas there any real problem with it in the next batches are
all going to be great yeah i mean do you think that obviously the the vaccines have i mean we
mentioned earlier that the vaccines probably have a more nefarious purpose but a lot of the deaths
that we're seeing were just something unexpected in regards to a side effect um
i think that the way you should think about it is that they knew transfection would hurt a lot of
people they had no idea really the prevalence of it they didn't know if if it would integrate in
everybody's body and everybody would produce spike protein forever or if it would only be in
a handful of people so the only way to do it was find out yeah and again i would argue that
from the perspective of a of an operation like this um the potential for it backfiring would be
greater the smaller the focus of the population was if you just focused on old people and never
went lower they would have got caught uh if because the old people just died right and they
would now be able to blame it on covid forever because the temporal correlation between the shot
and the death would start to stand out after a while but if they if they know that young people
are more likely to see this is another thing that people probably aren't really thinking in terms of
their model but if transfection is something like a punch in the face um you or an eye might be
able to take a really good punch in the face and not you know shrug it off but it'll suck but the
bruise will go away but if you take an 80 year old and punch him in the face it might kill a certain
percentage of them yeah and so that's also what we're dealing with here is that a certain unhealthy
person with a certain number of comorbidities may have enough comorbidities to mask the effect
of of the shot whereas somebody who's a pro athlete and who's totally in tune with their
with their abilities can feel a 1% reduction in performance and is very well aware that the
transfection fucked him up but somebody who wasn't able to run up the stairs in the first place
isn't going to notice a a 2% or 4% decrease in their already compromised stamina and so there's a
lot of places where the inevitable but nevertheless probably subtle damage is hidden and so I suspect
that that there is still this ongoing campaign because they know that this this isn't going to go
away these people are still going to keep complaining and as we keep paying attention it's going to
be obvious that some people aren't complaining and and who are those people and if that happens
on a college campus they're going to be in big trouble right if that happens in a couple in a
couple male fraternities for example they're going to have a big problem if that starts to leak that
hey wait a minute the the pledges from this year didn't have to take the vaccine and they're all
all the cancers in the seniors what the hell's going on why are there four seniors that have
cancer this year but none of the freshmen get it something like that these stories are going to
start to pop up all around the world and and more and more people are going to be confronted with
the truth that that some people aren't affected by these stories why is that do you think if the
truth gets out and we have a full disclosure on what has actually gone on here that I mean it has
the potential to I mean even within academia it has the potential to destroy the future
of academia based on the fact that there's going to be so many people held accountable for what
they've done during this process that they would never ever be allowed to teach or educate people
again in the future do you think that's a possibility and that's why it has to be protected that the
truth does not get out um I don't know I mean maybe that's how they keep people from
speaking out but for me I think it's I would like to spread the message that it's not you shouldn't
be ashamed for being fooled no they've been they've been planning this theater for decades if you
weren't fooled you would have had to been a part of it um quite frankly I mean all of us were fooled
for at least a week I mean or a few days or an hour or something I mean even if you are
skeptical you didn't know what was the right skepticism at the beginning um because like 9-11
the buildings really fell it's just they fell for a different reason but everybody saw it they
fell and so you know when they showed pictures of Wuhan everybody saw the pictures when they
told us what was happening New York and the PBS NewsHour showed us the curve everybody saw the
curve so we all had to come up with a rational understanding or or or interpretation of reality
at that moment and so all of us were fooled at that moment we had to be um so there's no shame
in that I don't I think that's that's probably our best way out is I don't like this call for
for amnesty I want to call for penitence I want to call for for apologies I want people to to
drop to their knees and then then I'm fine because that's where I am I'm at my on my knees I want
I want college kids to forgive me for not having figured it out early enough to save them and I
think if all adults or the majority of adults that are in these professional positions were to take
that position it would be an incredible change in in in things but I don't think that's gonna happen
I mean because these are people that are are dependent on sustaining their ego so they're
I have 134 134 faculty members at the University of Pittsburgh used to think think of me as the
house expert in patch clamp physiology and the guy to call if their rig wasn't working or they
couldn't make their interest cellular solution work and not one of them has ever emailed me to
ask if I'm okay or to see if I'm all right or man I'm sorry what happened to you look at what's on
TV now it looks like you were right not one of them has realized that I lost my career for
speaking out about something that they're still lying about now none of them even though it's
obvious I mean they have to know oh yeah but you know living the lie is going to ease away
with the soul it's going to absolutely destroy them over time and that is across that they're
going to have to bear unfortunately yeah unfortunately yeah I think that's a great time to
wrap things up here I mean this has been an absolutely incredible conversation I urge everybody
out there watching this to share it and I urge everybody out there to comment on it and and
come back to us with some feedback on this before we go Jay I don't know whether you want to fire
up some of your graphics there and let people know where they can find you and show show them you
know what you do because your website and the work that you do is probably one of the best
but together things that I've seen in a long time for anybody's really it's really a great
compliment thank you very much I would just say yeah let me see I would just say first and foremost
remember that they showed you a little picture on the news of of this little curve right down
here at the bottom of the blue and the red that's all they showed you and they said that something
new was happening but actually what you should realize is that this blue line down here is the
number of people that died of pneumonia every year since 2014 and if I move my big head you
will see that that number hasn't changed very much at all over a decade and then suddenly
almost three times as many people started dying of pneumonia then it ever died in the history
of modern medicine in America and for some reason they don't want to acknowledge that that happened
for some reason other than a novel virus and so my hypothesis has always been the same as that
they declared a pandemic but it actually wasn't one and now we have a crime scene to sort through we
need to figure out how it was that they created the illusion of something that wasn't there
there is a couple different possibilities that include a pre-existing background or include adding
a signal that wasn't there before in claiming it was evidence of spread we need a investigation
to figure that out but one of the things that I want to leave everybody with is that my main
message is that an RNA molecule cannot sustain a pandemic that's not something that in biology
really exists and when I say that I mean it in the utmost terms that there's no biological evidence
in any previous observation or study that's been made that would suggest that an RNA molecule could
do that no matter what sequence it had no matter what fear and cleavage site or or what insert that
you put into it and I think that from a broad perspective that my best message that I can give
you from giga ohm biological is that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with
the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb and the reason why that is is because your
immune system is oriented inside out and so if you want to teach it something you need to teach
it from the outside in because that's where it's expecting to learn from that's where all the signals
come from and your your immune system is made up of more than antibodies you need to understand
the immune system has a complex army that is organized from the inside out meaning that
including your gut which is outside of your body your immune system lines your gut it lines your
skin it lines your lungs and that barrier continuous barrier to the outside is defended in a very
uniform way and by intramuscularly trying to augment it we are actually trying to communicate it from
the side that it doesn't expect information from we are we are infiltrating it we are we are
putting we're peeing in a pool and attempting to clean it so it's really not a logical way
to augment the immune system and I think this is the best way to describe it to your to your
general practitioner for example to challenge them to describe the immune system in such a way to
to debunk that statement will reveal that they don't understand how the immune system works
a more specific way to say this would be the transfection in healthy humans is criminally
negligent and that's something that Chris and I were just talking about the academic
the big field of academics biology already used transfection for more than 10 years
to do almost all of the experiments that they do so they should have known better
than to use this on our healthy grandparents and they definitely should have known better
than using it on healthy college kids never mind children and then if you really want to get
down to it again remember that RNA can't pandemic that's not what that's not what RNA molecules do
and again he said it right i'm available at gigglehomebiological.com
gigglehome.bio is like a little message room that we all chat together and then my independent
place where you could also find my broadcast is at stream.gigglehome.bio and that's way
more than enough plugging of myself so thank you very much for giving me that opportunity
oh no it's fantastic you know we really appreciate the work that you do we appreciate that you spare
you know you're speaking out and trying to and as we said you know it's better late than never
regardless of when people are waking up with people wake up now so what's going on
if people no longer can take the burden and the weight upon the shoulders of living the
life that they live and are prepared to speak out it's still not too late no we need as many
people as possible it's a multi-generational war that's just started absolutely it's now is
the time to awaken we can't we can't we have to we have to open welcome everyone with open arms
absolutely and you know there are there are many people who have taken one two shots more
who are now realizing that it was a mistake but they are joining forces with those that maybe
they ridiculed over the past few years because they're the evidence out there now is it can't be
ignored no longer going to be ignored it has to be addressed and the more people that wake up to
this before they pull the next trick on humanity is going to make what they try to do a lot more
difficult and the more people that speak out and the more people that pay no attention ignore it
tell them to go away literally takes the power away from these very sick and twisted individuals
that are pushing these agendas forward and that can only be a good thing for the future of humanity
yep i agree watch out for digital id on the internet we don't want it
stay anonymous absolutely and you know again they're going to pull out as many tools as they
can out the toolbox whether that be war financial crisis further problems with you know viruses
coming out in the world health organization jumping on board as they're doing Texas bird flu in Texas
today don't forget yeah oh yes i did see that actually yeah but at the end of the day you know
they're going to try and hit us from a multi-pronged attack with many things and i think that the
reason they have to do that is because what they are trying isn't working as well as they thought
they would and i do think that we are making progress now we just need more people to
stand up say no more and absolutely destroy the narratives that are being pushed forward
towards us and you're helping do this we're helping do that there's many people who are watching
this right now who are also sharing the information and getting it out there so share this get it out
there get as many people drawn to the information that the mainstream would never dare allow us to
see that they don't want us to see that for a reason so it can only be a good thing that we do
speak out and don't worry about the accusations of being tinfoil hatware and conspiracy theories
because at the end of the day the very same people who are trying to call us with what's going on
at the moment at the very same people that came up with them terminologies in the first place to
discreditors so don't worry about it people you've got a lot of people that will stand by your side
during the fact that you wake up stand up and want to make this change so it can only be good
again jade this has been incredible thank you very much for coming on
and you're welcome thanks for having me i look forward to seeing the feedback and response on
this so thank you again great thank you see you tonight